Update CMake code to 3.18 minimum version (#2080)
HDFGroup/hdf5: release_docs/RELEASE.txt

    Configuration:
    -------------
    - Update CMake minimum version to 3.18

>       Updated CMake minimum version to 3.12 and removed version checks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Increased CMake minimum version from 3.12 to 3.18 and removed version checks for features that required versions less than 3.18. 
```
